That is why the kingdom of the heavens may be likened to a king who wanted to settle accounts with his slaves
When he started to settle my king how much does he owe?
well
10,000 talents my king guard
Take him away
Sell him his family and everything that he has and make a payment towards his please my king. No. No, please
I'm begging you my king. No, not this my king
Please be patient with me, and I will pay back everything to you. I cancel your debt
You couldn't go
Thank you
Thank you, my king
But that slave went out and found one of his fellow slaves who owed him one hundred denariah
You I'm talking to you. Where's my money?
I'm sorry. I'm trying. What have you got here? It's just just my food. Wait, wait, wait, wait. There's nothing there
Where is it? I don't have it. I'm waiting for me. Answer me. Go there all the money. Answer me
Pay back whatever you owe
Pay me back
Be patient with me, and I will pay back
You're going into prison until you pay back everything you owe
Guards, I just need to take him away. No, please wait. No
I will pay you back
When his fellow slaves saw what had happened
They became greatly distressed and they went and reported to their master all the things that had happened
Guard bring him to me. Is it true what they're telling me?
Well
The thing is he owed me money. I was just reclaiming what was mine my money
Enough
You wicked slave. I cancelled all that debt for you when you pleaded with me
Should you not also have shown mercy to your fellow slave
As I showed mercy to you
Take him away and throw him into prison until he repairs all that he owes let me go